# Why?
Hello, and thank you for being here. My primary purpose of this guide is to help catalogue my techniques and skills, both for my own future reflection and to document and share these techniques for other who wish to get into making virtual worlds in VRChat and beyond. Forgive me but I'd like to infodump my thoughts, if you just want a tutorial, skip this section.

A lot of art and creativity flourishes and dies by the privileges and access to resources by the artists that create it. The same way some people pontificate on the number of Albert Einsteins equivalents are being born into economic situations they can't thrive; so too do artists of all kinds. But we live in an age where access to the internet is ubiquitous for many, and it's arguably visibly on the horizon and in the air for those who desire it and don't yet have it. 

We have the never before seen access to information and intercontinental communication. You can stream shows from across the globe for the comparably to the price of a store-bought sandwich. And words? Words are cheap. Fractions of a cent to share your thoughts and feelings with the world for all to see forever more ... or at least until it outlives it's usefulness.

It would be odd if I didn't at least mention the elephant in the cloud. GPTs and other generative AI have taken over the internet, with every major site being more or less swamped with complete bullshit mass produced content generated in seconds by a computer with little to no creative input from human beings. Facebook in particular has anecdotally been more or less taken over by generative AI, ironically being at least partially fueled by Meta it's self's own product.

But in this chaos there's a glimmer of hope. There's a generation of Facebook users who are still using it regularly to keep in touch. Generally fending off the zombie horde of generative AI accounts and curating their own little haven, as much as Meta lets them. The generative bots on the other hand have comingled and interbred their own bullshit interactions to the point their generated images don't even remotely adhere to reality to the point even untrained eyes feel somethings off the majority of the time; the bots however, are still too stupid to tell.

Through all of this people tend to be fearmongered by bullshit like "dead internet theory" that the concept of the internet, and thus interconnected computers and person-to-person global telecommunication will somehow die from misuse and abuse by AI. And I feel like that sentiment completely misunderstands how the internet even works?

We don't use Discord because it's a competent, stable, and resource efficient communication app, we use it because our friends are there. The same reason older generations use Facebook. (Side note, I've been having crippling power issues with my phone that are exacerbated by Discord, and exclusively Discord. Any time they come up, just kill discord, disabling discord's ability to run in the background and doubled my battery live and reduced stability issues. You want me to buy Nitro? Make an app that's stable and respects my devices enough to be worth paying for.)

As of right now, it seems generative AI is currently imploding, and nothing is stopping the fire, only slowing the inevitable. Stock in generative AI companies is starting to slow and even fall, every random service that's implemented it for customer service is pissing off and driving away customers faster and for more dollars per hour than an understaffed and underpaid sweatshop overseas, almost every company with any visual or musically written generative AI is currently involved in legal disputes for copyright infringement, many generative AIs are constantly capable of almost verbatim reproducing content there parent companies *very much do not have the rights too* and the fact their AIs are capable of reproducing them period is evidence enough to go to court.

My guess, is that generative AI will pretty soon sputter out into a bankrupt market, more or less disappear in everything but scams, and the stock market will move on to it's latest ~~disguised slot machine~~ I mean investment cash cow, hopefully away from tech this time. 

But back to the reason: why? Because I can. And if at least one person gets a halfway decent introduction to this form of art, my time will be worth it.