# What to Expect
First off I want to set expectations; like every form of art, you don't make virtual worlds to get rich. Some of you might find a way or get lucky, but it's never a given. **You make art because you love it.** Not for your family or friends, **but for you alone**.

I've spent **way** to long grinding trying to strike it big, make content that will get me attention. All of it, and I do mean **all** of it has ultimately failed. Even some of my biggest successes and new accomplishments never felt like *my* accomplishments because I wasn't doing it for myself. [Forgotten Cat Tree](../../Worlds/ForgottenCatTree.md), one of my biggest successes took months of labor and burnout only to succeed and feel... meh, I didn't feel any proud of it. 

With that successful failure, I started making worlds just for myself, nobody else, and that started feeling much better. I went on to make [Abstract Backyard Glow](./../../Worlds/Abstract Backyard Glow) and that did moderately well and more or less stepped away from world making, it felt wrong, I was burnt out, and didn't want to do it anymore. Then one day, I made a joke with a friend and slapped together a [VRChat meta shitpost world](./../../Worlds/World Is Not Available) in under two hours one night before bed. And god damnit if that didn't make it through the VRChat Labs clout-gate in less than 48hrs with little to no marketing.

In contrast with worlds I've spent 100s of hours working on, that really hurts.

Which is why I say don't do this unless you genuinely want too. Don't let yourself get carried away, chasing arbitrary numbers and success for the sake of having something to show for it. Just make things because you enjoy making things. Create things to scratch that itch to create.

If you don't feel like you have an itch to create, that's okay too. Usually that just means you haven't found the right medium for you or you just don't know how to stretch your muscles in the medium you've chosen. If you'd like further reading, Adam Savage's Every Tool's a Hammer (ISBN:9781982113476) is really one of my favorites to help ground myself surrounding my creative endeavors. 